Mention minimum Ember version (#388)
typed-ember/glint: docs/ember/installation.md

> To use Glint with [Ember](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js) (Version 3.24 or higher), you'll add the `@glint/core` and `@glint/environment-ember-loose` packages to your project's `devDependencies`, then add a `"glint"` key to your project's `tsconfig.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Glint with [Ember](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js) v3.24 or higher, you'll add the `@glint/core` and `@glint/environment-ember-loose` packages to your project's `devDependencies`, then add a `"glint"` key to your project's `tsconfig.json`.
```
